activity as high as foreign nationals
continue to be evacuated from all over
Nigeria gentlemen we're going to have to
put you back in your prime objective
extract dr. Lena Kendricks our presence
on the ground will be considered awesome
my name is lieutenant Watters and with
the u.s. Navy we're gonna get you and
your people out it was a routine rescue
operation get your people together this
jungle is showing up with a rebel troops
when they get this mission they will
kill everything they see but in the
country at war with itself the entire
presidential family has been
assassinated everything can change
in a moment birds are taking heavy fire
we're no longer entering Nigerian
airspace right now you are on your own
now behind enemy lines then dole
augmentis Oh God
we had trouble since tell us with 5000
rebels converging in your area to
complete his mission
haha let's go now he would have to make
the ultimate choice
I'm strongly suggested that we Cabana
knees refugees out here
say right now I'm not going to do that
can't do it
I strung it right to complete evacuation
your plan you know as well as I do
what's gonna happen to them if I leave
them out here dr. Michos your unit is
not equipped to handle it there's no
fraud
my team will complete this mission
if you people ready to go now
wait for my cup
No